So the lady that played Jemima was a lady called Yvonne Fox. Unfortunately she died before I moved here so I never got to meet her.
But she is a local legend. If you ever mention Jemima then I would say nine times out of ten Yvonne Fox is mentioned in the next sentence.
She's still revered by everybody and she played Jemima for quite a long time I think.
I think it came about from the bicentenary of the invasion. That's when she really kicked in sort of thing.
But there's a marble bust of her in the library, in the gallery where the tapestry is.
But what makes me smile about that is our current Jemima, Kay, is very tall and very, very slim.
She's very slim with, well she's grey now, but she did have dark curly hair.
And Yvonne was very short, very buxom, blonde and you know like the complete opposite. They are the complete opposites.
Kay is far more the original Jemima than Yvonne was physically.
But spiritually, you ask anybody in the town, nobody will ever come close to Yvonne Fox.
The spirit of her or the spirit of Jemima in her was huge. She has a legacy.
In fact the last couple of Jemimas that we had, Jackie, a lady called Jackie played her for a little bit.
She was dark haired. I mean she was a bit more buxom and a bit more fuller, cuddlier than Kay Slim.
But they got a lot of resistance, both of them, at the start of them taking on the role.
Not because they weren't like Jemima, because they weren't Yvonne Fox.
It was quite an amazing legacy to leave really. And she has no idea.